welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're gonna find out
what they did with the animatronics
after rapping on jurassic park with the
camp classic tammy and the t-rex
and don't forget to hit the like button
if you grew up thinking you were going
to be a paleontologist
let's get to it we opened on the
panthers cheer squad working through a
rehearsal
it's a new routine but they're getting
it and soon
so will be michael freshly done getting
dirty rolling around the boys and now
giving his time to his girl
tammy they meet up with their friend
byron along the way and he is just
too much as demonstrated by their faces
despite the good times tammy feels she
has no choice but to give back michael's
rose of intent
because dating anyone is just too
dangerous so long as her abusive ex
billy is still stalking her so he
symbolically eats the rose and invites
her to a party later even though the
circumstances remain unchanged
however we don't actually have to wait
at all because billy arrives right then
and starts up as he's prone to do
in an attempt to win tammy's affection
is it working
come on man after you boys pull a loopsy
doo
and a couple of clotheslines billy
steals the peaches and he lingers on it
for so long that when the police arrive
they have to attempt to disentangle the
boys from what has turned into an
extended forced reversed
docking technique of sorts after all is
said and done michael
kinda liked it but tammy finds violence
abhorrent and storms off in disgust
even so byron encourages michael to
never give up we then meet up with dr
walkenstein observing a test run of his
new animatronic dinosaur
they find it to be more powerful than
any other dinosaur in existence
but its mobility is limited to the
platform the doctor lusts to give it a
brain so it may have a life of its own
and become autonomous
freeing it from its prison of mechanical
limitation later on michael is pining
away in his bedroom when tammy calls him
she feels bad about running away
and agrees to work on being more
accepting of his violent nature
the reconciliation starts with an
invitation to her room michael gathers
up his timbos and gives his lucky fish
skin little kiss before heading over
he rolls up and takes the trellis to her
window but is observed by a couple of
billy's friends who happen to be driving
by
inside they trash her room prompting a
call upstairs from her dad
downstairs lucky for them he's not
interested in coming to check on her so
they can get right to making themselves
comfortable but billy is johnny on the
spot when it comes to [ __ ] blocking and
he and the crew are soon banging up the
stairs to confront his ex-girlfriend's
new lover when he gets there michael has
already slipped out but he vows revenge
he doesn't have to wait long as michael
has only made it out to the driveway and
ends up having to run down the road to
try to escape
he's pretty quick out in the open but he
turns off into a secluded park so he can
take his beating without public
embarrassment once they get him on his
back he concedes
immediately so the gang stuffs him into
the trunk so they can take even more
revenge on him at a second location
this time they do it at a more private
part that's also sort of like an
open zoo but after all that effort
billy's feeling a bit peckish
so they vote to grab a sack of sliders
and leave michael here without further
warning
not that it would help anyway as he soon
finds out the deal with his nature
preserve and also discovers that there
isn't an inch of it that isn't
already occupied by large jungle cats
the game warden does manage to drive up
before he's completely consumed but not
before his pectorals are stripped from
his rib cage
the next day his friends find him in the
icu what did he do
looks like nothing why tammy blames
herself for what happened
rightly then billy shows up yet again
and
as much as he loves tammy he also vows
to kill her at some point in the future
but not right now dr wachenstein then
arrives at the hospital having been
called in for a consultation
he checks in on the patient and
positively salivates when hearing about
how michael has no real family
making him a prime candidate for the
doctor's testing so he distracts them
while helga fakes a flatline providing
them the chance to pretend to administer
life-saving procedures that fail
then they quickly use the distraction of
his untimely death to cart him out of
the facility under cover of mourning
they get his body back to their
warehouse where they have a fun little
lab set up for their surgeries
helga prepares him with a simple caress
and the good doctor then nonchalantly
and with very little fanfare gets in
there and cracks
the skull open as it turns out our heads
are very much like a kinder egg with the
brain just kind of hanging out inside
like a little prize
from this point it's just a matter of
plugging the brain into the neurotronic
punch bowl to preserve it as they
connect each of the bodily extremities
to the corresponding control portion of
the gray matter
since that's exactly how brains work
satisfied with his progress the doctor
leaves the men to clean up intending to
get some rest and complete the final
lobotomization in the morning a fine way
to start any day with the boss gone the
boys order some deep dish to keep their
spirits up the delivery driver lets
himself in but his inherent yumminess
awakens something inside michael causing
him to prematurely animate this scores
the henchmen some frieza which they
don't question at all
as they go about their work michael
grows increasingly distressed about how
disrespectfully they treat his beautiful
corpse
he works himself into a frenzy before
little bobby takes him to flavor town
which is
bad for bobby michael then suffers a
momentary existential crisis before carl
walks in to give him something else to
focus on
he takes him out behind the shed and
shows carl how valuable a black belt is
when your opponent
is a dinosaur afterward he gives tammy a
quick ring on the phone but she's not
there
so he has to leave her a message
across town the young greasers are busy
rocking out like there's no tomorrow
except for tammy she's trying to party
through her grief but it's not working
too well
you'll be okay oh thanks bee and then
what happens
billy the butthole shows up which isn't
very poor taste considering the recent
murder he perpetrated but damn it billy
loves to dance
so after he and tammy do that hot cold
thing they've got going on he leaves
with michelle
just outside the dance floor weasel
takes a moment to relieve himself and
ends up tickling between michael's toes
always one to reciprocate in a tickle
sesh michael hits him back in his small
intestine then he lumbers off to where
billy's at but billy's too preoccupied
with seeking out affirmations to notice
until michael dips in to pull a
drumstick off his car date he then
takes off running through the crowd
screaming and the revelers scatter
before him if only he didn't stop to
ensure that everyone in this cabana was
properly warned he might still be alive
michael then squashes some bros on his
way to help out byron picking him up and
dusting him off
but incapable of communicating further
since murder is a lower priority than
schoolyard fights the police show up
only after the party is concluded what
they find are guts
all over and only two survivors on site
however all they could do is stutter out
vague statements about a dinosaur on the
loose but their story is corroborated by
byron who circled back to share his
testimony of the events with his father
the sheriff who remains incredulous
the next day at the lair our antagonists
regard their flattened co-workers with a
whimsical curiosity the doctor takes
this as an encouraging turn of events
pointing out how unique and successful
they must be to have created an
autonomous robotic dinosaur that's so
full of murderous passion
i mean just think of the possibilities
meanwhile at tammy's house we find her
drying off after already donning her
evening negligee
she prepares for bed while michael
stares wistfully through the window but
when she sees him she screams and faints
her father finally decides that this is
worth checking in on but when he arrives
he finds that she's already left for the
day
michael has taken her we learned to
their favorite barn for making out here
he tries to find some way to communicate
with her he sticks with it through the
frustration and after a simple game of
charades
he's able to get her to guess that her
lover's brain has been transplanted into
the robot dinosaur
standing before her now you have
michael's brain
since that's the most important part and
she's not superficial the relationship
is back on
meanwhile back at her house the police
are just starting to come to terms with
the fact that they're conducting a
dinosaur investigation when tami strolls
back up and plays like she was just
taking a walk
the first chance she gets she pulls
byron aside to tell him the good news
despite how crazy it sounds and he is
very encouraging
their plan now is to think up a way to
get michael back in his body
a perfect opportunity arises at the
funeral where they try to hold in their
laughter at all these idiots mourning
for no reason
as everyone leaves afterward we see
helga and the doctor lurking nearby
keeping a close eye on things and
delighting in the possibilities
surrounding their new industry of
putting
brains and robots the kids dig up the
coffin but when tammy hops in to do the
business they find that he wasn't
properly preserved
the doctor tries to step in here and
take the kids hostage to entice michael
back into their custody but the kids
pull a reverse card taking the doctor
hostage so they can use him to complete
the surgery they're gonna need to have
done once they find a reasonable body
replacement
so the next stop is the morgue where
they come to the realization that most
dead people are gonna be a bit too old
disagreeing about other key aspects they
decide michael should get some
say in this so they parade the corpses
in front of the window to get his vote
they end up running out of bodies but it
doesn't matter because the hostages
escape right as the police cruiser rolls
up
so now they got a fled as would be
suggested by stephen baldwin the police
try to convince byron to pull over but
he won't listen to reason so they call
his daddy the sheriff does eventually
cut into the chase but byron still gets
a good lead on them which is squandered
when they lose the back of the truck
in a last-ditch effort byron goes to
cover their escape by flagging down the
police to stall them it works as sheriff
black rolls up
only in time to take in the breathtaking
majesty of the dino rider
how did they do that the next day the
police follow byron in his bicycling
uniform to their secret hideout where
michael's been ridden hard and put away
wet as they enjoy their sandwiches and
plan for the future we learn they still
want to get their hands on the doctor so
we can help them reverse the transplant
when the police pull up they emerge
waving the white flag of negotiation but
the cops grab them enraging michael
before they can complete the arrest the
doctor then shows up to file a property
rights dispute
through the mystery of technical jargon
he's able to convince the police of his
need to tranquilize his robot to safely
remove him from the premise which they
allow him to undertake
despite going in fully prepared for a
dino fight he and helga seem surprised
and frozen in fear when he slowly leers
over them and aerates the doctor's torso
now the police have no choice but to
open fire putting him down and then
letting tammy have her way with the
corpse as a consolation despite this we
see her coming home sometime later as if
floating on a cloud
we learn that she's been taking care of
her boo while waiting for a new body to
become available in the meantime they
get by best way they know how
with a little bourbon and a daily
afternoon striptease that is so erotic
it results in a neural explosion
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to thank
my donors memorialized in the hall of
head shots
i can't help it i love sci-fi and
existential horror it's especially
meaningful to me when they actually put
in the effort to represent the
underlying science accurately so tammy
in the t-rex is a win for me
the theatrical debut of denise richards
and paul walker two future powerhouses
put this film over the edge into
legendary territory with some
tongue-in-cheek humor
and ample depictions of testicle abuse
you get a well-rounded movie that has
something to satisfy
everyone's preferences if you enjoyed
the video i'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching